Improves the documentation for Azure SPs (#199)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/meshstack.azure.metering.md

meshStack imports metering data from Azure via the Azure Cost Management API. It collects data for the previous and the current month.
Azure only provides data for the previous day, so Azure Usage Reports shown in meshStack will not provide data for the current day.

> ## Permission Model

Reviewer: d: this should reference the dhall model? there should be a cross-link from the "integration" page that mentions this as one of the 3 SPNs?

> In order to read the resource usages a principal for the metering service is needed. It needs the following permissions/roles on all resources which should be accessed by the meshstacks metering service:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to read resource usages, a metering principal is needed. It requires the following permissions/roles on all resources which should be accessed by the meshstack's metering service:
```
